Class: Owner
Collaborator: Account, QR and Bar Codes
Responsibilitiy: Host app, manage content (players and codes).

Class: Player
Collaborator: Account, Player QR, Code, Comment, Score, Photo, Geolocation, Map
Responsibilitiy: scan machine-readable optical label, tap to produce machine-readable optical label so other players view their profile,  communicate on machine-readable optical label, get points after scanninng the machine-readable optical label, take a digital optical representation of the machine readable label or something else, accept or refuse the recording of the location of the machine readable label that is scanned, move around a digital representation of the geographical region with machine readable labels' locations .

Class: Account
Collaborator: Owner, Player, Player QR, Score
Responsibilitiy: Store all relevant info about a player.

Class: Player Account QR
Collaborator: Player, Account
Responsibilitiy: Populate the app on another phone with the same account from previouse phone.

Class: Player Profile QR
Collaborator: Player,Other player, Player profile, Player account, scanning page, camera, photo
Responsibilitiy: tapable by player to produce QR, Other player able to scan the QR, Players able to pull up the profile of the other player with the app with scanning player's account.

Class: QR and Bar Codes
Collaborator: Owner, Player, Other players, Comment, Account, Photo,scan, Geolocation, Map
Responsibilitiy: Be scanned and scored, stored as hash, can be viewed and deleted by the Owner, scannable by player, has communication attached to it, able to have it's geolocation recorded or not, has its position viewed in a graphical representation of the geography around the player.

Class: Comment
Collaborator: Player, QR and Bar Codes
Responsibilitiy: Let Players communicate about the code or other things, being attached to QR and Bar codes

Class: Score
Collaborator: Player, QR and Bar Codes, QR scanner
Responsibilitiy: provide points to QR codes scanned.

Class: Photo
Collaborator: Player,QR and Bar Codes, profile gallary, Account
Responsibilitiy:provide digital optical representation of anything taken by a player.

Class: Geolocation
Collaborator: Player, QR and Bar Codes, Account
Responsibilitiy: Store location of where a machine-readable optical label was scanned.

Class: Map
Collaborator: Player, QR and Bar Codes, Owner
Responsibilitiy:Visually represent the position of machine-readable optical labels viewed in a graphical representation of the geography around the player.

Owner

Player

Account

Player QR

QR code

Barcode

Comment

Score

Photo

Geolocation

Map








